Aaron Guo
(980) 377- 0681 | compsci.aaron.guo@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/guo-aaron/ | aguo890.github.io
Education
The George Washington University 	Washington, DC
Masters in Data Analytics (Accelerated 4+1 Program)	Expected June 2027
BSc In Computer Science, Minor in Accountancy	Expected June 2026
Skills
Visualization: Tableau, Power BI
Programming: Python, SQL, R, REST APIs
Data Science/Machine Learning: Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-Learn, PySpark, Time-Series Analysis, NLP
Cloud: AWS (Lambda, SNS, S3, EC2), Docker, Git
Office: Advanced in Excel and PowerPoint + Word; Proficient in Outlook
AI Development: OpenAI API, Gemini API, Deepseek API
Languages: English (Native), Mandarin (Fluent-Speaking)
Work Experience
The George Washington University	August 2024 - Present
Technical Support Assistant	Washington, DC
Diagnosed+resolved average of 15+ daily technical support tickets related to Software/Hardware and GWSystems
Acted as the technical liaison between non-technical university staff and IT engineers.
Authored documentation for an internal knowledge base, improving team efficiency & issue resolution.
Applied knowledge of core IT infrastructure to resolve complex, underlying system issues.
Three Stars Fashion Group, www.linkedin.com/company/three-stars-fashion-group/  	June 2025 - Sept 2025
Data Engineer Intern (Remote)	Alexandria, Egypt 
Automated the tedious processing of supplier inventory spreadsheets using a Python and Pandas script, freeing up 30 minutes of cleaning into Excel and given to our supply chain team saving 16+ hours every week.
Built and deployed a live dashboard with Flask and Chart.js to help managers visualize production line output, helping pinpoint a discovery of a key bottleneck in the assembly line nearly instantly.
Designed a serverless alert system using AWS Lambda and SNS to instantly notify the logistics team about large, shipment-ready orders, effectively cutting down on communication delays.
Created clear technical documentation and user guides in Microsoft Word for all developed tools above, ensuring a smooth handoff and easy adoption by the full-time team or anytime after me.
Sunwater Capital, legis1.com , www.sunwatercapital.com	January 2025 –  May 2025
Data Science Intern	North Bethesda, MD 
Architected an end-to-end data pipeline using PySpark and SerpAPI to automatically extract and clean legislative data, ensuring the entire team had a reliable stream of information for analysis.
Cut manual fact-checking time by 90% by building an AI validation tool with the OpenAI API.
Turned messy committee hearing transcripts into strategic insights by building a Python web scraper and using NLP to extract key topics for the analysis team.
Wrangled/transformed raw web data into clean, analysis ready datasets using R (dplyr, tidyr), preparing the ground for modeling and clear reporting.
China Fun Restaurants	September 2020 –  August 2024
Data Analyst' 22-24, Assistant Manager 20-22	Charlotte, NC 
Implemented a time-series forecasting model on sales data to optimize daily inventory procurement, reducing food waste by 14% and increasing profit margins by over 7%.
Analyzed and visualized a complex 200+ item menu using Tableau and Power BI 200+ item to visualize profitability and sales trends, making smarter inventory and marketing decisions.
Developed compelling data narratives using Tableau visualizations, successfully influencing a new menu strategy that generated an additional $5k in monthly revenue.
Leadership & Campus Involvement
Association of Computing Machinery (ACM) | George Washington University | President	Aug 2024 - Present
Led 10+ professional development workshops and speaker events for the student community on topics ranging from Technical skills, Career Preparation, AI and Machine Learning, Project Documentation.
Successfully grew chapter membership by over 100 students through strategic outreach, engaging social media content, and promotional events across campus.
